track_id: The unique identifier of the song in the Spotify database.
track_name: The name of the song.
popularity: The song's popularity level on Spotify (popularity score).
available_markets: The markets where the song is available for playback.
disc_number: The disc number to which the song belongs on an album.
duration_ms: The duration of the song in milliseconds.
explicit: Indicates whether the song contains explicit content (True or False).
track_number: The track number of the song on the album.
href: A URL or link related to the song.
album_id: The unique identifier of the album to which the song belongs.
album_name: The name of the album.
album_release_date: The release date of the album.
album_type: The type of album (e.g., "album," "single," "compilation," etc.).
album_total_tracks: The total number of songs on the album.
artists_names: The names of the artists who perform the song (there can be multiple, separated by semicolons).
artists_ids: The unique identifiers of the artists who perform the song (there can be multiple, separated by semicolons).
principal_artist_id: The unique identifier of the principal artist (usually the first artist in the list).
principal_artist_name: The name of the principal artist.
artist_genres: The music genres associated with the principal artist.
principal_artist_followers: The number of followers of the principal artist on Spotify.
acousticness: An indicator of the song's acoustic characteristics.
analysis_url: A URL providing access to song analysis details.
danceability: An indicator of how danceable the song is.
energy: The perceived energy of the song.
instrumentalness: An indicator of the presence of instrumental elements in the song.
key: The musical key of the song.
liveness: An indicator of the likelihood that the song was performed live.
loudness: The loudness of the song.
mode: The musical mode of the song.
speechiness: An indicator of the amount of speech in the song.
tempo: The tempo of the song.
time_signature: The time signature of the song.
valence: A measure of the positivity of the song.
year: The year in which the song was released. It is of integer type (int64).
duration_min: The duration of the song in minutes, rather than milliseconds. It is of float type (float64).

el de las 30mil

variable	class	description
track_id	character	Song unique ID
track_name	character	Song Name
track_artist	character	Song Artist
track_popularity	double	Song Popularity (0-100) where higher is better
track_album_id	character	Album unique ID
track_album_name	character	Song album name
track_album_release_date	character	Date when album released
playlist_name	character	Name of playlist
playlist_id	character	Playlist ID
playlist_genre	character	Playlist genre
playlist_subgenre	character	Playlist subgenre
danceability	double	Danceability describes how suitable a track is for dancing based on a combination of musical elements including tempo, rhythm stability, beat strength, and overall regularity. A value of 0.0 is least danceable and 1.0 is most danceable.
energy	double	Energy is a measure from 0.0 to 1.0 and represents a perceptual measure of intensity and activity. Typically, energetic tracks feel fast, loud, and noisy. For example, death metal has high energy, while a Bach prelude scores low on the scale. Perceptual features contributing to this attribute include dynamic range, perceived loudness, timbre, onset rate, and general entropy.
key	double	The estimated overall key of the track. Integers map to pitches using standard Pitch Class notation . E.g. 0 = C, 1 = C♯/D♭, 2 = D, and so on. If no key was detected, the value is -1.
loudness	double	The overall loudness of a track in decibels (dB). Loudness values are averaged across the entire track and are useful for comparing relative loudness of tracks. Loudness is the quality of a sound that is the primary psychological correlate of physical strength (amplitude). Values typical range between -60 and 0 db.
mode	double	Mode indicates the modality (major or minor) of a track, the type of scale from which its melodic content is derived. Major is represented by 1 and minor is 0.
speechiness	double	Speechiness detects the presence of spoken words in a track. The more exclusively speech-like the recording (e.g. talk show, audio book, poetry), the closer to 1.0 the attribute value. Values above 0.66 describe tracks that are probably made entirely of spoken words. Values between 0.33 and 0.66 describe tracks that may contain both music and speech, either in sections or layered, including such cases as rap music. Values below 0.33 most likely represent music and other non-speech-like tracks.
acousticness	double	A confidence measure from 0.0 to 1.0 of whether the track is acoustic. 1.0 represents high confidence the track is acoustic.
instrumentalness	double	Predicts whether a track contains no vocals. "Ooh" and "aah" sounds are treated as instrumental in this context. Rap or spoken word tracks are clearly "vocal". The closer the instrumentalness value is to 1.0, the greater likelihood the track contains no vocal content. Values above 0.5 are intended to represent instrumental tracks, but confidence is higher as the value approaches 1.0.
liveness	double	Detects the presence of an audience in the recording. Higher liveness values represent an increased probability that the track was performed live. A value above 0.8 provides strong likelihood that the track is live.
valence	double	A measure from 0.0 to 1.0 describing the musical positiveness conveyed by a track. Tracks with high valence sound more positive (e.g. happy, cheerful, euphoric), while tracks with low valence sound more negative (e.g. sad, depressed, angry).
tempo	double	The overall estimated tempo of a track in beats per minute (BPM). In musical terminology, tempo is the speed or pace of a given piece and derives directly from the average beat duration.
duration_ms	double	Duration of song in milliseconds